We learned about a host listener and this set up here is absolutely fine for what we're doing.
But we got a number decorator we can use which then allows us to not use the renderer.
There is nothing wrong with using the renderer but we get an even easier way of simply changing the
background color if that is all we want to do in a directive.
Again using the renderer is not wrong though the decorator I'm referring to is called at host binding
which also needs to be imported from an Anglo core.
And so we got a lot of imports awkwardly restructured is to cover multiple lines.
So host binding.
That's the new decorator.
And we'll come back to what we passed here in a second.
First of all we need to wind this to some property which value will become important.
So that could be a good background color property a new property create here which is of type string.
Now in host binding we can pass a string defining to which property of the hosting element we want to
bind no properties of the hosting element.
That is simply what we also access here and the basic highlight directive style would be such a property
and there then the background color property to be precise.
Therefore we can simply say style dot and now camel acase background color and that's all camel case
is important here because we're accessing the DOM property which doesn't know dashers.
So with this what we're telling Engler is on the element this directive say it's lease access to style
property which pretty much any input has on average directives which is something like the value you
of course have to make sure that they are only added to inputs which have this property.
But here again the style property should be available on any element.
So here we access the style property.
And then there is some property the background color and we set this equal to whatever background color
is set to here.
Well then we can simply change background color here when you mouse over it we can set background color
to blue in this case and set it to transparent.
In this case you transparent and I will comment out the render code you're again not wrong to use it
but no longer needed it in this example.
Of course we also have to set some initial colors so that we don't get an error before as before we
mouse over it the first time.
So here I would set this too transparent initially give this initial value.
With this it's transparent.
No error.
Looks good.
And if you hover over it it works the same way as before but now solely driven through a host listener
and host finding a great way for working with the element inside of a directive.
And of course you're on a host binding.
You can point to any property of the element you are sitting on